# Bash-Scripting

No problem! Let me break down the command for you:


if - This is the start of a conditional statement. It means that the following command will be executed only if the condition is met.


! - This is a negation operator, which means "not". It negates the exit status of the command that follows it.


command -v docker - This command checks if the Docker command is available by searching for it in the system's path. If Docker is found, the command will return the path to the Docker executable.


> /dev/null - This is a redirection operator that redirects the standard output of the command to the null device, which essentially discards the output. This is done to suppress any output that may be generated by the command -v docker command.


2>&1 - This is another redirection operator that redirects the standard error of the command to the standard output. This is done to ensure that any error messages generated by the command -v docker command are also redirected to the null device.


; then - This marks the end of the conditional statement and the beginning of the command that should be executed if the condition is true (i.e., if Docker is not found).


So, putting it all together, the entire command checks whether Docker is installed on the system. If it is not found, the command following then will be executed. If Docker is found, the command following then will be skipped. The command is written in a way that the output is suppressed and only the exit status is considered.
